# java-lab-4

<h2>Dynamic Method Invocation , Abstract class and Equals method usage</h2>

<b>1. Assume that a bank offers two types of accounts: standard and premium, from which acustomer can select one while opening a bank account. An account holder can deposit any amount ofmoney into his or her account, but when withdrawing, a premium account holder canwithdraw up to Rs 10 lakh in a day, whilst a regular account holder can withdraw up to Rs I lakh free of charge and up to Rs 5 lakh with a .05% penalty. In this regard write ajava program with
the following specifi cations:</b>
<br>
i. Create a super class Account that contains various information of a accomt holder like account number, account type, name, current balance etc. along with day, month and year of last deposit. Account class also contains three methods: one for checking current balance, one for depositing money and the third for withdrawing money. New account is created with the personal information in the constructor of the class and the account number is generated by auto-increment.<br>
ii. Create two subclasses: StandardAccount and hemiumAccoun! both inherit the members of the Account class and override the withdrawal0 method as per above mentioned
specifications.<br>
iii. In main0 method, create some account instances for both the account types and demonstrate the execution of the methods. Suitable transaction messages need to be
displayed.<br>

Using Dynamic Method Dispatch concept display the methods of each class.

<b>2. Illustrate the usage of abstract class with following Java classes –</b> <br>
l  An abstract class ‘student’ with two data members roll no, reg no, a method getinput() and an abstract method course()<br>
l A subclass ‘kiitian’ with course() method implementation<br>
Write the driver class to print the all details of a kiitian object.<br>
 
Input - Rollno - 2205180<br>
Registration no - 1234567890<br>
          Output -Rollno - 2205180<br>
Registration no - 1234567890<br>
Course - B.Tech. (Computer Science & Engg)<br>

<b>3. Using the equals method , demonstrate via a program how to compare 2 students for equality.</b>

